contact/index.md, before:

---
title: Contact
nav:
  order: 6
  tooltip: Email, address, and location
---

# {% include icon.html icon="fa-regular fa-envelope" %}Contact

Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing elit, sed do eiusmod tempor
incididunt ut labore et dolore magna aliqua. Ut enim ad minim veniam, quis
nostrud exercitation ullamco laboris nisi ut aliquip ex ea commodo consequat.

{%
  include button.html
  type="email"
  text="jane@smith.com"
  link="jane@smith.com"
%}
{%
  include button.html
  type="phone"
  text="(555) 867-5309"
  link="+1-555-867-5309"
%}
{%
  include button.html
  type="address"
  tooltip="Our location on Google Maps for easy navigation"
  link="https://www.google.com/maps/place/Computer+Engineering+Department/@35.703481,51.4082728,18.25z/data=!4m6!3m5!1s0x3f8e010d1bda6451:0xb68840e07e8e513!8m2!3d35.7039217!4d51.4083635!16s%2Fg%2F120zjpzy?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI1MDcxNi4wIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D"
%}

{% include section.html %}

{% capture col1 %}

{%
  include figure.html
  image="images/photo.jpg"
  caption="Lorem ipsum"
%}

{% endcapture %}

{% capture col2 %}

{%
  include figure.html
  image="images/photo.jpg"
  caption="Lorem ipsum"
%}

{% endcapture %}

{% include cols.html col1=col1 col2=col2 %}

{% include section.html dark=true %}

{% capture col1 %}
Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet  
consectetur adipiscing elit  
sed do eiusmod tempor
{% endcapture %}

{% capture col2 %}
Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet  
consectetur adipiscing elit  
sed do eiusmod tempor
{% endcapture %}

{% capture col3 %}
Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet  
consectetur adipiscing elit  
sed do eiusmod tempor
{% endcapture %}

{% include cols.html col1=col1 col2=col2 col3=col3 %}

Commit message:

edit contact and home pages, some links added and images modified

contact/index.md, after:

---
title: Contact
nav:
  order: 6
  tooltip: Email, address, and location
---

# {% include icon.html icon="fa-regular fa-envelope" %}Contact

We welcome inquiries from prospective students, collaborators, industry partners, and anyone interested in our research on autonomous systems, AI, robotics, and computer vision.

Autonomous Intelligent Systems Laboratory (AISL)
Department of Computer Engineering
Amirkabir University of Technology (Tehran Polytechnic)
Hafez Ave, Tehran, Iran

👥 Visiting the Lab
We are located at:

1st Floor – Hoosh Company

3rd Floor – AISL Lab

Want to Collaborate?
Whether you're a student, researcher, or industry professional, we are open to new collaborations. Contact us to discuss research projects, internship opportunities, or academic-industrial partnerships.


{%
  include button.html
  type="email"
  text="mjavan@aut.ac.ir"
  link="mjavan@aut.ac.ir"
%}
{%
  include button.html
  type="phone"
  text="(+98) 021-64542743"
  link="+98-21-645-42-43"
%}
{%
  include button.html
  type="address"
  tooltip="Our location on Google Maps for easy navigation"
  link="https://www.google.com/maps/place/Computer+Engineering+Department/@35.703481,51.4082728,18.25z/data=!4m6!3m5!1s0x3f8e010d1bda6451:0xb68840e07e8e513!8m2!3d35.7039217!4d51.4083635!16s%2Fg%2F120zjpzy?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI1MDcxNi4wIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D"
%}

{% include section.html %}

<!-- {% capture col1 %}

{%
  include figure.html
  image="images/photo.jpg"
  caption="Lorem ipsum"
%}

{% endcapture %}

{% capture col2 %}

{%
  include figure.html
  image="images/photo.jpg"
  caption="Lorem ipsum"
%}

{% endcapture %} -->

<!-- {% include cols.html col1=col1 col2=col2 %}

{% include section.html dark=true %} -->

<!-- {% capture col1 %}
Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet  
consectetur adipiscing elit  
sed do eiusmod tempor
{% endcapture %}

{% capture col2 %}
Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet  
consectetur adipiscing elit  
sed do eiusmod tempor
{% endcapture %}

{% capture col3 %}
Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet  
consectetur adipiscing elit  
sed do eiusmod tempor
{% endcapture %}

{% include cols.html col1=col1 col2=col2 col3=col3 %} -->
